Document status code behavior for preflight CORS requests (#24373)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/methods/options/index.md

Connection: Keep-Alive
```

## Status Code
Note that both [200 and 204](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#ref-for-ok-status) are permitted status codes, but some browsers do not support 204s.

> See [here](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/23571#issue-1530045601) for more details.

Reviewer: The issue link is rather unhelpful. Usually when we link to GitHub issues we link to something in a spec repo (tc39, w3c, unicode, etc.) If it's our own repo, you can simply rephrase the content in your own words. Also you need an empty line after the heading.

Reviewer 2: What about:

```suggestion
## Status Code

Both {{HTTPStatus("200")}} OK and {{HTTPStatus("204") No Content are [permitted status codes](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#ref-for-ok-status), but some browsers incorrectly believe `204 No Content` applies to the resource and do not send the subsequent request to fetch it.
```
